That was one fun school trip.
But now it's all back to normal.
You call this normal?
Yo!
Hey!
Morning, Isogai-kun.
Did you guys see that group email from Karasuma-sensei?
Yep.
It was about a transfer student, right?
Karasuma-sensei Students
A transfer student will be joining you tomorrow. Their looks may surprise you, but try not to make a big deal out of it. Karasuma
Hmm. Sounds like another pro killer to me.
So now they're bringing in student assassins.
If they're a transfer student... Middle-Aged
Middle-Aged Middle-Aged Middle-Aged Middle-Aged
maybe they'll be our age, not like Bitch-sensei!
On that note... Where'd you come from?!
I was curious too, so I asked Karasuma if he had a photo.
Here's what he sent back!
Oh! A girl!
You made it your wallpaper, huh?
She's pretty cute!
Right? Super cute!
Oh man, I sure hope we hit it off!
She doesn't look like a killer.
I'm so... I'm so nervous!
Yeah.
Please let us hit it off!
Dial it down a notch, Okajima.
Assassin or not, any new student is always met with a mix of anticipation and unease.
What's she like? What's her assassination style?
We were brimming with curiosity.
I wonder if she's here yet.
You know, the new girl.
The hell's this?
Good morning.
I will be joining your class today. My designation is Autonomously Thinking Fixed Artillery.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Didn't see that one coming.
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
seishun satsubatsuron m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst sei sei shun
seishun satsubatsuron
shun sa sa tsu tsu ba ba tsu tsu ron ron
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst
kuchi ni dasu no wa jikkou suru toki
We only speak of it when we're getting into action ku
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
ku m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Student No. 21 Fuwa Yuzuki
Student No. 13 Sugino Tomohito
Student No. 11 Shiota Nagisa
Student No. 6 Kataoka Megu Student No. 7 Kayano Kaede
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto da da
chi chi Student No. 21 Fuwa Yuzuki
ni ni Student No. 21 Fuwa Yuzuki
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto su su
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto no no
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto wa wa
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto ji ji
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto k k
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto ko ko
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto u u
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto su su
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto ru ru to to ki ki
sore ga kakkoii koto shitteru sa
Because we know it's cool that way so so
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
We only speak of it when we're getting into action
Student No. 4 Okano Hinata
Student No. 17 Nakamura Rio
Student No. 19 Hayami Rinka
Student No. 2 Isogai Yuuma
Student No. 23 Mimura Kouki
Student No. 3 Okajima Taiga
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke ka ka
re re Student No. 4 Okano Hinata
ga ga Student No. 4 Okano Hinata
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke k k
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke ko ko
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke i i
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke to to
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke shi shi
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke t t
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke te te
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
target sagashite bokura wa satsubatsu
We'll find our target and unleash our bloodthirst mo
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke ru ru
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke tar tar sa sa get get
Because we know it's cool that way sa sa ga ga shi shi
te te bo bo ku ku ra ra wa wa sa sa tsu tsu ba ba
omoi wa mayou mayoedo susumu
We hesitate, but we proceed nevertheless tsu tsu
We hesitate, but we proceed nevertheless o o
mo i i m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
wa wa Student No. 14 Takebayashi Koutarou
Student No. 9 Kimura Masayoshi
Student No. 10 Kurahashi Hirano
Student No. 8 Kanzaki Yukiko
Student No. 25 Yada Touka m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Student No. 14 Takebayashi Koutarou
Student No. 25 Yada Touka yo yo
ma ma Student No. 14 Takebayashi Koutarou
Student No. 25 Yada Touka u u
Student No. 25 Yada Touka ma ma
Student No. 25 Yada Touka yo yo
Student No. 25 Yada Touka e e
Student No. 25 Yada Touka do do
Student No. 25 Yada Touka su su
Student No. 25 Yada Touka mu mu
Student No. 25 Yada Touka
We hesitate, but we proceed nevertheless
migite to migiashi issho ni desou da
We can barely walk straight m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
mi mi Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
Student No. 24 Muramatsu Takuya
Student No. 16 Terasaka Ryouma
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei to to
Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
gi gi Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
te te Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei mi mi
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei gi gi
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei a a
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei shi shi
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei i i
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei s s
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei sho sho
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei ni ni
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei de de so so u u da da
Student No. 1 Akabane Karma
Student No. 5 Okuda Manami
Student No. 12 Sugaya Sousuke
Student No. 20 Hara Sumire m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Student No. 20 Hara Sumire
We can barely walk straight m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
nan nanda iraira no hadou wa
What is this wave of nervousness?
We can barely walk straight na na n n na na n n da da
i i ra ra i i ra ra no no ha ha do do
bokura no sonzai no shoumei m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Is it a proof of our existence?
u u wa wa nan nanda iraira no hadou wa
bo bo nan nanda iraira no hadou wa
ku ku ra ra no no so so n n za za i i no no sho sho u
u me me i i tsuki wo miage takamaru
It surges as we look up into the moon tsu tsu
Crescent Moon Crescent Moon ki ki Crescent Moon wo wo
Classified Information mi mi Classified Information a
a The "End" Class ge ge ta ta Reward Upon Success
Reward Upon Success Reward Upon Success
Reward Upon Success ka ka Superbeing ma ma
Ministry of Defense Ministry of Defense ru ru
Ministry of Defense
Destruction Destruction Kunugigaoka Junior High School
Kunugigaoka Junior High School Mach Mach
saa saa sassassatto start
Now, let's get this assassination started saa saa Mach
Mach Mach Mach Mach saa saa
Lessons Teacher sa sa Assassination Classroom
Assassination Classroom Assassination Classroom ssa
ssa Assassination Classroom Assassination Classroom
Assassination Classroom Assassination Classroom
ssa tto tto start start saa saa sassassatto start
Now, let's get this assassination started
yarikittenai kara yarikirenai
We can't stand still because we're not done ya ya ri
ri ki ki tte tte na na i i ka ka ra ra ya ya ri ri ki
ki re re nai nai yarikittenai kara yarikirenai
We can't stand still because we're not done ya ya ri
ri ki ki tte tte na na i i ka ka ra ra ya ya ri ri ki
ki re re nai nai m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
genjoudaha wo chiisana koe de
We start off whispering about overthrowing the status quo
ge ge n n jo jo u u da da ha ha wo wo chi chi i i sa
sa na na ko ko e e m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
yagate zekkyou shitaku naru aa de de
But soon enough we'll feel like crying out, "Argh!"
ya ya genjoudaha wo chiisana koe de
ga ga te te ze ze k k kyou kyou shi shi ta ta ku ku na
na ru ru aa aa m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
We can't stand still because we're not done ya ya ri
yarikittenai kara yarikirenai ya ya ri ri ki ki tte
tte na na i i ka ka ra ra ya ya ri ri ki ki
yareba dekiru sa We can do it if we try re re nai nai
yarikittenai kara yarikirenai
ri ki ki tte tte na na i i ka ka yareba dekiru sa
We can do it if we try yareba dekiru sa
We can do it if we try ra ra yareba dekiru sa
We can do it if we try ya ya ri ri ki ki re re
kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can nai nai kitto dekiru sa
Yes, we can kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can
kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can kitto dekiru sa
Yes, we can douse to iu no wa kantan dakedo
It's easy to say it's all futile and give up dou dou
se se to to iu iu no no wa wa kitto dekiru sa
Yes, we can ka ka kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can
Yes, we can n n ta ta n n da da ke ke do do
ima wa agaite mitain da But for now we want to fight it
i i Special Anti-teacher Bullets ma ma
Special Anti-teacher Bullets wa wa a a ga ga
Class Change i i te te mi mi ta ta Slithery Snicker i
i Slithery Snicker n n da da kimi to hajikete mitain da
We want to have a blast with you ki ki Ten Billion Yen
mi mi to to ha ha ji ji ke ke te te
Isolated School Building Isolated School Building mi
mi ta ta i i n n da da saredo seishun wa mirai e go
And we will still reach the future sa sa re re do do
sei sei shun shun wa wa mi mi rai rai e e go go
saredo seishun wa mirai e go
And we will still reach the future
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
saa saa saa m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Let's go saa saa saa saa saa saa saa saa saa Let's go
saa saa saa Let's go
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
seishun satsubatsuron m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst sei sei shun
shun sa sa tsu tsu ba ba tsu tsu ron ron
seishun satsubatsuron
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst
Episode Transfer Student Time
As I'm sure you know, this is your new classmate:
Autonomously Thinking Fixed Artillery-san from Norway.
Autonomously Thinking Fixed Artillery
It's a pleasure to meet you all.
Must be rough on Karasuma-sensei.
I would go crazy if I had to act like everything was normal here.
Don't laugh! You're no better than her!
Just so you know, she's registered here as a student.
She'll be sitting there aiming her guns at you,
but under no circumstances may you fight back.
You're not permitted to harm any of the students.
That was the agreement, right?
I see.
So you're exploiting a loophole in my teaching agreement to call a machine my student.
Very well.
Welcome to the E Class, Autonomously Thinking Fixed Artillery-san.
Thank you, Korosensei.
Now, of these three characters here...
One of them is already dead.
But how's it going to attack?
The other two appear to get along well with one another.
How's what?
They call it a fixed artillery, but then where are the guns?
Ira comes to visit the sick Kajii almost every day.
Hmm... Maybe—
But is this really out of concern for Kajii?
I knew it!
Wow!
Four shotguns
and two machine guns.
That's a veritable cascade of bullets,
but it's just what I've come to expect from my students.
And discharging firearms during class is prohibited for safety reasons.
I will be careful. Preparing to attack.
Now we'll see what she's made of.
She has the ability to evolve, you see.
Recalculating trajectory. Correcting angle.
Entering auto-evolution phase 5/28/02.
Tsk, tsk. Will you ever learn?
This attack is identical to the first!
Just what I'd expect from a machine.
Given that, I need only utilize my chalk the same way as before, and...
A blind spot!
A hidden pellet...
The second pellet flew along the same trajectory as the one I blocked, hiding it from my sight!
Left fingertip destroyed.
The newly added secondary gun has proven effective.
She improves her weapons and program every time she learns part of her target's defense patterns,
gradually closing in on her foe.
Probability of killing you with the next attack:
less than 0.001 percent.
Probability of killing you with the attack after that:
less than 0.003 percent.
Probability of killing you before graduation:
greater than 90 percent.
Now then, Korosensei:
resuming attack phase.
Near misses: two.
Confirmed hit.
To calculate projected estimates,
now adding four main guns
and resuming attack.
We sure underestimated her.
Or rather...
We didn't see her for what she was.
There before our eyes was an honest-to-goodness killer!
An auto-evolving fixed artillery. Imagine that.
She's shooting BB pellets right now, but that's cutting-edge military tech in there.
Surely this will do the trick.
You think it'll be that easy?
If it were that cut-and-dried, I wouldn't be teaching here.
So...
We have to clean all this up?
You wouldn't happen to come with a vacuum, eh, Fixed Artillery-san?
Tch. The cold shoulder, huh?
Give it up. What's the point in teasing a machine?
Second period.
Second Period Second Period Third period.
Third Period Third Period
The mechanized transfer student's attacks continued all day long.
And the next morning...
8:29 and 35 seconds AM. All systems go.
Power-supply voltage: stable.
Operating system: normal.
Recording disk: normal.
Various devices: normal.
No unnecessary elements found.
Program: start.
Verifying tasks. Today's plans: attack per 215 before sixth period,
continue analyzing target's evasion patterns...
Korosensei, I cannot deploy my guns like this.
Please remove my restraints.
Well, I don't know about that.
Is this your doing?
It is clearly harming me, which is in violation of your agreement.
Think again.
It was me.
You're a pain in the ass any way you look at it.
Learn some common sense before you start firin' away, you box of bolts.
Machines don't know what common sense even is!
We'll release you once class is over.
That's how it is. If we keep getting repeats of yesterday,
we'll never learn anything.
Autonomously Thinking Fixed Artillery to Master:
Could not execute expected tasks on day two due to unforeseen issues.
Probability of correcting problem on my own: zero percent.
Probability of assassination by given deadline of graduation
may drop considerably.
Requesting immediate countermeasures.
Now, now. Don't rely on your parents.
I can't really say the tactics they programmed you with are a good fit for this classroom.
More importantly, you're a student, and a transfer student at that.
You should try to come up with ways to get along with your classmates on your own.
Get along?
Do you know why the students are interfering with your assassination?
As they see it, your attacks disrupt class—
and if you did happen to kill me,
the prize money would probably all go to your parents.
Your assassination has no upside for them at all.
Now I understand, Korosensei.
I had not considered my classmates' interests.
You are a smart one.
Here. I made this for you.
Some apps and some extra RAM. All virus-free, so please accept it.
What is this?
Simulation software for working with your classmates as you attack.
You can see how it will boost your assassination success rate.
No objection.
I think you understand now how vital cooperation is to assassination.
Well? You'd like to get along with the others, right?
I do not know how.
As you can see, I came prepared!
What is that?
All the software you need for cooperation... and the additional RAM it will require.
Harming you might be against the rules,
but there's nothing in there about increasing your capabilities.
Good morning.
Why are you doing this?
These upgrades will only shorten your life expectancy.
I'm your teacher first, and your target second.
Yesterday was all it took for me to understand
that both your ability and desire to learn are extremely high.
Your parents gave you that gift,
and it's my job as your teacher to develop it.
Learn to work with your classmates, and develop your gifts even further.
Korosensei,
is this Desserts of the World Checklist necessary for cooperation?
I, uh... I was hoping you might be able to help me with that.
Too sweet a deal?
Hey... You think she's still gonna be here today?
Probably.
We gotta complain to Karasuma-sensei.
We can't have class with that thing around!
She seems... bigger.
Good morning, everybody!
What beautiful weather we're having!
To help her fit in, I gave her a full-body LCD display
Oh, good morning, Korosensei!
as well as body- and uniform-modeling software.
Here's to another great day!
I put it together myself for 606,000 yen.
I'm so happy to be able to spend such a refreshing day with you all!
Add to that her rich expressions and cheerful conversation skills,
plus the vast amounts of software and memory necessary to run it all:
another 1,103,000 yen!
The new girl's evolution has taken a strange turn.
All I have left in my wallet... is five measly yen!
The plants in the garden are turning lovely and green.
Spring is over, and the coming summer smells so pleasant!
She got hella cute overnight!
That is the fixed artillery... right?
Don't be fooled! It's just some program the octopus loaded up.
It might act nice, but a machine's a machine.
It's still gonna start attacking out of nowhere,
the dumb box o' bolts.
I understand how you feel, Terasaka-san.
I was like that. Until yesterday.
Box of bolts... I-I don't know what to say.
Aw, you made her cry.
Terasaka-kun made a 2D girl cry.
Cut it out! People'll take that the wrong way!
I think it's wonderful.
2D... A woman's not a woman until she loses that third D.
Takebayashi! That's your first line?!
Are you sure?
But don't worry, everybody.
Korosensei taught me the importance of working together.
I'll hold off on my own assassination attempts until I have your approval.
That way, you'll come to like me.
So please, be nice to her.
Of course...
though I may have given her certain upgrades,
I didn't lay a tentacle on her killer instincts.
Indeed!
If you want to kill me, I imagine she'll prove a formidable ally.
Korosensei can do anything.
Even turn a machine into a valued member of the class.
Now, the retina contains long, thin rods,
as well as short, fat... what?
Sugaya-kun!
Huh? Me?
Answer without looking at your textbook.
Yikes! Um...
Cones Cones Cones Cones Cones Cones Cones Cones Cones
Cones Cones Cones Cones Cones Er... cones.
Cones Cones
Now hang on, Autonomously Thinking Fixed Artillery-san!
Don't go slipping him the answer!
But, Sensei, you programmed me to give perks to my fellow students!
Cheating is not a perk!
Oh, wow!
Whoa, you can make stuff like this inside you?
Yes!
I contain supplies of a certain plastic that I can mold freely.
I can make anything if I have the data, not just guns!
Wow, what a sculptor!
That's pretty cool! Try making some flowers!
Understood. I will gather flower data.
Thanks!
Check, Chiba-kun.
Three matches in and I already can't win.
She learns so fast.
It's amazing.
Ooh! There was this manga where an AI controlled the world through electronic drugs!
Do you refer to the super-popular detective manga
that was serialized in a major magazine and made into an anime?
How come you know about that but not about flowers?
Good question.
She ended up being really popular!
Yeah, she can do lots of things at once and make whatever she wants!
Oh, shoot!
What's wrong?
Her character type is just like mine!
It's nothing like yours!
I went and upgraded her, and now she's encroaching on my popularity!
Look, class! I can put on a human face too, you know!
See? I just need to change my skin color a little, and...
Creepy!
Mimura-kun... looked at my face... and called it "creepy"!
Hey, why don't we pick a name for her?
Autonomously Thinking Fixed Artillery is a bit of a mouthful.
Sure is.
Let's see... Why don't we take one word in Japanese?
Like "jiritsu" for "autonomous"?
Yeah!
How about "Ritsu," then?
Cop-out.
What? It's cute!
Ritsu...
You okay with that?
I love it!
So please,
call me "Ritsu"!
This might just work out.
I wonder. It's like Terasaka said:
she's just following Korosensei's program.
It's not like machines have free will.
Ritsu Ritsu Ritsu Ritsu Ritsu Ritsu Ritsu Ritsu Ritsu
Ritsu Ritsu Ritsu Ritsu Ritsu Ritsu Ritsu Ritsu
Wherever she goes from here, Ritsu Ritsu Ritsu Ritsu
Ritsu Ritsu it's up to the guys who built her.
Wh-What is this?
Good evening, Master.
I'm having a most enjoyable time at school.
Inconceivable!
Not only has she been upgraded without authorization,
there are things in here that have nothing to do with assassination.
Overhaul her at once.
Remove everything not necessary for assassination.
This thing has its roots in the Aegis combat system AI.
It can analyze a situation
and reach a comprehensive decision faster than any human, while using any weapon at all.
Proving its efficacy could change the face of war forever.
The ten billion yen reward is just a taste of what's to come.
This classroom is the ultimate proving ground—
kill that monster and we stand to gain trillions.
Your master's orders are absolute.
All you need to focus on is the assassination.
Yes, Mast—
Good morning, everybody.
The higher-ups have clarified your agreement.
According to them, any unauthorized modifications will also be considered "harm."
The same goes for you.
If you restrict her functionality or cause any damage, you'll be asked to pay compensation.
These are her owners' wishes. We have to comply.
Owners? I don't know about that.
I'd like to put my student's feelings before those of her parents.
If she's been downgraded...
Are we looking at another all-day assault?
Man, what a pain in the ass.
Here it comes!
Here we go.
Old Campus Old Campus Old Campus Old Campus Old Campus
Old Campus Old Campus Old Campus
I promised I'd make flowers.
Korosensei made 985 improvements to my body.
My master judged most of them irrelevant to assassination
and removed them, deleted them, and restored my factory defaults.
But from what I have learned of the E Class, I myself decided
that my ability to cooperate was essential to assassination,
so before it was deleted, I hid the relevant software in a corner of my memory.
Wonderful!
Ritsu-san, this must mean...
Yes! I have defied my master of my own free will!
Nice one!
Korosensei, does this mean I'm going through a rebellious phase?
Am I a bad girl?
Not at all! You're a third-year junior high student,
and a fine one at that!
And so the E Class gained another member.
Now there are twenty-seven of us trying to kill Korosensei.
Karasuma! Karasuma!
Is it true that adding a face will make me popular?
You couldn't be further from the mark!
The sun shines The sun shines ta i yo u ga sa su ta i
yo u ga sa su ta ta ta i ta i i yo i yo yo u yo u u ga
u ga ga sa ga sa sa su sa su su su
On the back of my closed eyelids to za shi ta ma bu ta
no u ra ga wa ni to za shi ta ma bu ta no u ra ga wa
ni to to to za to za za shi za shi shi ta shi ta ta ma
ta ma ma bu ma bu bu ta bu ta ta no ta no no u no u u
ra u ra ra ga ra ga ga wa ga wa wa ni wa ni ni ni
I see red afterimages I see red afterimages a ka i zan
zo u a ka i zan zo u a a a ka a ka ka i ka i i zan i
zan zan zo zan zo zo u zo u u u
With a notebook and a pen in my leather bag ka ka wa
no ka ban ni no o to to pen wo ka ka wa no ka ban ni
no o to to pen wo ka wa ka wa wa no wa no no ka no ka
ka ban ka ban ban ni ban ni ni no ni no no o no o o to
o to to to to to to pen to pen pen wo pen wo wo wo
I go for a walk I go for a walk sa a a ru ki da so u
sa a a ru ki da so u sa sa sa a sa a a a a a a ru a ru
ru ki ru ki ki da ki da da so da so so u so u u u
I keep drawing, but I can't get it to look pretty ka i
te mo ka i te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka i te mo ka i
te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka ka ka i ka i i te i te
te mo te mo mo ka mo ka ka i ka i i te i te te mo te
mo mo ki mo ki ki re ki re re i re i i ni i ni ni na
ni na na ra na ra ra na ra na na i na i
My choice of colors is not to blame i e ra n da e no
gu ni tsu mi wa na i i e ra n da e no gu ni tsu mi wa
na i e e e ra e ra ra n ra n n da n da da e da e e no
e no no gu no gu gu ni gu ni ni tsu ni tsu tsu mi tsu
mi mi wa mi wa wa na wa na na i na i i i
I still remember the shooting star I saw last night ki
no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi ma da o bo e
te i ru ki no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi
ma da o bo e te i ru ki ki ki no ki no no u no u u no
u no no yo no yo yo na yo na na ka na ka ka ni ka ni
ni mi ni mi mi ta mi ta ta na ta na na ga na ga ga re
ga re re bo re bo bo shi bo shi shi ma shi ma ma da ma
da da o da o o bo o bo bo e bo e e te e te te i te i i
ru i ru ru I I was wait ing for... ru I I was wait ing
for... I was I was was wait was wait wait ing wait ing
ing for... ing for... for... for...
He llo, shoot ing star He llo, shoot ing star He He He
llo, He llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing
ing star ing star star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga
in star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga in He llo, He
llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing ing
star, ing star, star, a star, a a ga a ga ga in ga in
in in I was waiting I was waiting ma tte i ta yo ma
tte i ta yo ma ma ma tte ma tte tte i tte i i ta i ta
ta yo ta yo The girl of many dreams
The girl of many dreams yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko
wa zu tto yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko wa zu tto yu me
yu me me wo me wo wo mi wo mi mi ru mi ru ru a ru a a
no a no no ko no ko ko wa ko wa wa zu wa zu zu tto zu
tto tto tto
Is always here Is always here ko ko ni i ru no ko ko
ni i ru no ko ko ko ko ko ko ko ni ko ni ni i ni i i
ru i ru ru no ru no no no
Just like you did that day Just like you did that day
a no hi no ma ma a no hi no ma ma a a a no a no no hi
no hi hi no hi no no ma no ma ma ma ma ma ma ma
Shine again Shine again ma ma ta hi ka tte ma ma ta hi
ka tte ma ta ma ta ta hi ta hi hi ka hi ka ka tte ka
tte tte tte
Liars should be cut in half.
Replay Watch Later Replay Watch Later
Sonic Ninja! I added the subtitles.
Wow!
Nice.
You sure are handy, Ritsu!
Ne xt Ep iso de
In 1946, a vacuum tube computer named ENIAC was completed in America.
However, it contained 18,000 vacuum tubes and weighed 30 tons.
It was massive compared to the computers we have today, Ritsu-san.
Next time on Assassination Classroom: LR Time.
Episode LR Time